[Music]
five simple exercises to get a flat
belly in four weeks almost every woman
dreams about a flat and well shaped
belly when she can proudly show off on
the beach well let's be honest men also
secretly dream of losing that annoying
fat around their waists yeah we do how
to get that you might ask
the answer is simpler than you think
with these five simple exercises you
will get your dream belly in just four
weeks without any significant efforts
and exhausting training all you have to
do is find only five minutes in your
busy schedule ideally in the morning
when you are still fresh and full of
energy do these five short exercises
with us and we promise it's going to be
fun and easy just do it every day
you don't even need to start your watch
I'll account for you exercise number one
playing hey we're going to make film and
walk the pink no captain just get on the
floor
iron alright lie down on your belly on
the floor raise your body on your elbows
and toes and keep it horizontal your
body should make a straight line head
the heels breathe normally you need to
keep this position for only 20 seconds
let's give it a try
ready go plank is one of the best
exercises for core conditioning it
strengthens your ABS works your glutes
and hamstrings supports the proper
posture and improves balance okay a bit
more captain keep your bottom low oh
you're doing just great nineteen twenty
and now three seconds more you can do it
three two one wow you've done it alright
let's move on to the next one exercise
number two left side plank turn to your
left side and put the left elbow
directly into the shoulder make sure
that your legs are straight now push
your bottom and waist up
hey you're doing great Catherine now
balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
breathe normally keep this position for
only 20 seconds and up we go
flip side plank makes your abdominal
side muscles stronger and keeps your
waist thin captain don't sink your
shoulder oh just a few more seconds five
four three two one
well done exercise number three
backwards push-ups where sport wraps all
right whose parent baby mine okay find a
perch somewhere anyways backward
push-ups turn to your back in a sitting
position prop yourself up on your hands
and feet slowly push your bottom up and
down by bending your elbows only three
times let's go three try to keep your
body straight too don't forget to bend
your elbows that's right why it wasn't
that hard right ready for the next one
exercise four right side plank doing
okay captain are you alright
turn to your right side and put the
right elbow directly under the shoulder
make sure that your legs are straight
now push your bottom and waist up
balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body make a diagonal line
breathe normally 20 seconds start now
you've already done this exercise on
your left side so this time it should be
a piece of cake if you want to achieve
more prominent results next time try to
straighten your arm I
of an arm well do the best you can
inhale exhale you're almost done
see it's not that hard three two one
you are amazing and last but not least
exercise number five situps
Oh sit-ups Oh Davy Jones locker come on
you can do it
lie down on your back start pushing your
upper body up and forward with your arms
straight in front of you to a semi
setting position strain your abdominal
muscles as hard as you can ah hey good
timing lie down and repeat okay one last
effort three times only go three every
bend makes the muscles of your upper
belly stronger to up down one you're
almost there
woohoo you are my hero argh thank you so
much
all right here is your four week workout
calendar increase the exercise intensity
every week and you will get the belly of
your dream in just a month time I think
so absolutely captain week one plank 20
seconds left side plank 20 seconds
backward push-ups three times right side
plank 20 seconds sit-ups three times
week number two plank 30 seconds right
side plank 30 seconds backwards push-up
five times
left side plank thirty seconds sit-ups
three times week number three plank 45
seconds right side plank 45 seconds
backwards push-ups
seven times left side plank 45 seconds
sit-ups seven times
and week number four plank one minute
right side plank one minute
backwards push-ups ten times left side
plank one minute and sit-ups 10 times
hey captain where did the parrot go by
polygon she has many sides all right
keep performing this set of exercises
and watch your belly get flatter every
day have you ever tried these exercises
before how did they work for you share
your experience in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]